in-frame p-site quantification method (#141)
nf-core/riboseq: docs/usage.md

> **Note**: The pseudo-alignment pathway runs **in addition to** the standard STAR alignment, which is still needed for position-dependent analyses (P-sites, ribosome periodicity, ORF detection). The pseudo-alignment counts are only used for TE analysis.

#### In-frame P-sites

```bash
--te_quantification_method plastid_psite
```

In this mode, the RNA-seq reads are quantified using the default alignment-based quantification and the Ribo-seq reads are counted only when they map to coding regions and only when their P-sites (as determined by Plastid) coincide with the reading frame of the coding regions. This is an **experimental mode** which applies conservative filters to Ribo-seq quantification. It has applications in the study of microproteins arising from non-canonical ORFs, where an abundance of in-frame P-site counts increases the confidence that a novel ORF call is reliable. It is less common in other applications of Ribo-seq. Consider this option when:

> - Your use case is in the field of detecting non-canonical ORFs coding for microproteins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your use case is in the field of detecting differential translation of non-canonical ORFs 
```

There is nothing that makes it microprotein specific..
